testing/TEST_RECORDS.md, before:


# Test record
## Introduction 
On this page you can find documentation from the test process and find out the results. Any bugs found during testing will be categorized into four parts to give an indication of how much the bug will affect the system. These parts are critical, major, normal and minor.


### Test cases
|Test Record 1  | |||
|--------|------------------------------|-|-|
|**Tester:**|Martina Björlin|||
|**Date:**|2022-07-14|||
|**Enviroment:**| Production (Heroku)|||
|**Test Object:**| My Garden app|||
|**Version:**|Heroku build ID 311370f1-8f4d-4103-83d5-ce9fa07168cf|||
|**Testdata:**| Created in app in production enviroment|||
|**Test id:**| **Result:**|**Bug id:**|**Comments**:|
|[#55](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/55)|Pass|||
|[#56](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/56)|Pass|||
|[#57](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/57)|Pass|||
|[#58](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/58)|Pass|||
|[#59](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/59)|Pass|||
|[#60](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/60)|Pass|||
|[#61](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/61)|Fail|[#85](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/85)|Critical. Unable to test features|
|[#70](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/70)|Fail|[#85](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/85)|Critical. Unable to test features|
|[#71](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/71)|Fail|[#85](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/85)|Critical. Unable to test features|
|[#72](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/72)|Fail|[#85](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/85)|Critical. Unable to test features|
|[#63](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/63)|Pass|||
|[#62](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/62)|Pass|||
|[#64](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/64)|Pass|||
|[#65](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/65)|Pass|||
|[#66](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/66)|Fail|[#86](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/86)|Critical. Unable to test features|
|[#67](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/67)|Fail|[#86](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/86)|Critical. Unable to test features|
|[#68](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/68)|Fail|[#86](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/86)|Critical. Unable to test features|
|[#69](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/69)|Fail|[#86](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/86)|Critical. Unable to test features|
|[#73](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/73)|Pass|||
|[#74](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/74)|Pass|||
|[#75](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/75)|Pass|||
|[#76](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/76)|Pass|||
|[#77](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/77)|Pass|||
|[#78](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/78)|Pass|||
|[#79](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/79)|Pass|||
|[#82](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/82)|Pass|||
|[#83](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/83)|Pass|||

|Test Record 2  | |||
|--------|------------------------------|-|-|
|**Tester:**|Martina Björlin|||
|**Date:**|2022-07-14|||
|**Enviroment:**| Production (Heroku)|||
|**Test Object:**| My Garden app|||
|**Version:**|Heroku build ID cf82064c-b801-48fd-8d0c-8672aa8f73a6
|||
|**Testdata:**| Created in app in production enviroment|||
|**Test id:**| **Result:**|**Bug id:**|**Comments**:|
|[#55](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/55)|Pass|||
|[#56](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/56)|Pass|||
|[#57](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/57)|Pass|||
|[#58](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/58)|Pass|||
|[#59](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/59)|Pass|||
|[#60](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/60)|Pass|||
|[#61](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/61)|Pass|||
|[#70](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/70)|Pass|||
|[#71](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/71)|Pass|||
|[#72](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/72)|Pass|||
|[#63](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/63)|Pass|||
|[#62](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/62)|Pass|||
|[#64](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/64)|Pass|||
|[#65](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/65)|Pass|||
|[#66](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/66)|Pass|||
|[#67](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/67)|Pass|||
|[#68](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/68)|Pass|||
|[#69](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/69)|Pass|||
|[#73](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/73)|Pass|||
|[#74](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/74)|Pass|||
|[#75](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/75)|Pass|||
|[#76](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/76)|Pass|||
|[#77](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/77)|Pass|||
|[#78](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/78)|Pass|||
|[#79](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/79)|Pass|||
|[#82](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/82)|Pass|||
|[#83](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/83)|Pass|||
|[#87](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/87)|Pass|||
|[#88](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/88)|Pass|||
|[#89](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/89)|Pass|||
|[#90](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/90)|Pass|||

### Responsiveness tests

### Exploartory tests

|Test Records 3  | |||
|--------|------------------------------|-|-|
|**Tester:**|Martina Björlin|||
|**Date:**|2022-07-14|||
|**Enviroment:**| Production (Heroku)|||
|**Test Object:**| My Garden app|||
|**Version:**|Heroku build ID cf82064c-b801-48fd-8d0c-8672aa8f73a6||||
|**Goal**|Testing functionality on my blog page||||
|**Test id:**||**Bug id:**|**Comments**:|
|[#54](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/54)||[#91](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/91) Minor||

### Usability testing

Commit message:

docs: Add result ET  test record file

testing/TEST_RECORDS.md, after:


# Test record
## Introduction 
On this page you can find documentation from the test process and find out the results. Any bugs found during testing will be categorized into four parts to give an indication of how much the bug will affect the system. These parts are critical, major, normal and minor.


### Test cases
|Test Record 1  | |||
|--------|------------------------------|-|-|
|**Tester:**|Martina Björlin|||
|**Date:**|2022-07-14|||
|**Enviroment:**| Production (Heroku)|||
|**Test Object:**| My Garden app|||
|**Version:**|Heroku build ID 311370f1-8f4d-4103-83d5-ce9fa07168cf|||
|**Testdata:**| Created in app in production enviroment|||
|**Test id:**| **Result:**|**Bug id:**|**Comments**:|
|[#55](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/55)|Pass|||
|[#56](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/56)|Pass|||
|[#57](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/57)|Pass|||
|[#58](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/58)|Pass|||
|[#59](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/59)|Pass|||
|[#60](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/60)|Pass|||
|[#61](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/61)|Fail|[#85](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/85)|Critical. Unable to test features|
|[#70](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/70)|Fail|[#85](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/85)|Critical. Unable to test features|
|[#71](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/71)|Fail|[#85](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/85)|Critical. Unable to test features|
|[#72](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/72)|Fail|[#85](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/85)|Critical. Unable to test features|
|[#63](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/63)|Pass|||
|[#62](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/62)|Pass|||
|[#64](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/64)|Pass|||
|[#65](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/65)|Pass|||
|[#66](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/66)|Fail|[#86](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/86)|Critical. Unable to test features|
|[#67](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/67)|Fail|[#86](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/86)|Critical. Unable to test features|
|[#68](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/68)|Fail|[#86](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/86)|Critical. Unable to test features|
|[#69](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/69)|Fail|[#86](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/86)|Critical. Unable to test features|
|[#73](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/73)|Pass|||
|[#74](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/74)|Pass|||
|[#75](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/75)|Pass|||
|[#76](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/76)|Pass|||
|[#77](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/77)|Pass|||
|[#78](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/78)|Pass|||
|[#79](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/79)|Pass|||
|[#82](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/82)|Pass|||
|[#83](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/83)|Pass|||

|Test Record 2  | |||
|--------|------------------------------|-|-|
|**Tester:**|Martina Björlin|||
|**Date:**|2022-07-14|||
|**Enviroment:**| Production (Heroku)|||
|**Test Object:**| My Garden app|||
|**Version:**|Heroku build ID cf82064c-b801-48fd-8d0c-8672aa8f73a6
|||
|**Testdata:**| Created in app in production enviroment|||
|**Test id:**| **Result:**|**Bug id:**|**Comments**:|
|[#55](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/55)|Pass|||
|[#56](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/56)|Pass|||
|[#57](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/57)|Pass|||
|[#58](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/58)|Pass|||
|[#59](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/59)|Pass|||
|[#60](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/60)|Pass|||
|[#61](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/61)|Pass|||
|[#70](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/70)|Pass|||
|[#71](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/71)|Pass|||
|[#72](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/72)|Pass|||
|[#63](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/63)|Pass|||
|[#62](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/62)|Pass|||
|[#64](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/64)|Pass|||
|[#65](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/65)|Pass|||
|[#66](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/66)|Pass|||
|[#67](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/67)|Pass|||
|[#68](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/68)|Pass|||
|[#69](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/69)|Pass|||
|[#73](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/73)|Pass|||
|[#74](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/74)|Pass|||
|[#75](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/75)|Pass|||
|[#76](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/76)|Pass|||
|[#77](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/77)|Pass|||
|[#78](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/78)|Pass|||
|[#79](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/79)|Pass|||
|[#82](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/82)|Pass|||
|[#83](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/83)|Pass|||
|[#87](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/87)|Pass|||
|[#88](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/88)|Pass|||
|[#89](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/89)|Pass|||
|[#90](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/90)|Pass|||

### Responsiveness tests

### Exploartory tests

|Test Records 3  | |||
|--------|------------------------------|-|-|
|**Tester:**|Martina Björlin|||
|**Date:**|2022-07-14|||
|**Enviroment:**| Production (Heroku)|||
|**Test Object:**| My Garden app|||
|**Version:**|Heroku build ID cf82064c-b801-48fd-8d0c-8672aa8f73a6||||
|**Goal**|Testing functionality on my blog page||||
|**Test id:**||**Bug id:**|**Comments**:|
|[#54](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/54)||[#91](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/91) Minor||

|Test Records 4 | |||
|--------|------------------------------|-|-|
|**Tester:**|Martina Björlin|||
|**Date:**|2022-07-16|||
|**Enviroment:**| Local |||
|**Test Object:**| My Garden app|||
|**Version:**| Development ||||
|**Goal**|Try to reach pages you don’t have access to as a Visitor(not signed-in)||||
|**Test id:**|[#93](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/93)|||||
|**Page:**|**Results**|**Bug id:**|**Comments**:|
|/myblog/posts/|Fail|[#92](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/92)|Critical. Not authenticated users can reach the page |
|/myblog/posts/|Pass|||
|/settings/12/|Pass|||
|/test-title-2/like/|Pass|||
|/test-title-2/create_comment/|Fail|[#94](https://github.com/MartinaB91/project4-my-blog/issues/94)|High. The pages can't bee reach but it's unclear if possible that this can effect the page in some other way.|
|/test-title-2/like/|Pass|||
|/test-title-2/update_post/|Pass|||
|/test-title-2/delete_post/|Pass|||

### Usability testing
